Ashley Arnold, a young woman from Idaho, United States, failed an online course at Southern New Hampshire University for which she had paid $1,000 because her teacher claimed that "Australia is not a country".

Ashley Arnold, a young mother pursuing a degree in sociology through an online program at Southern New Hampshire University, had an essay as part of her final exams that required her to compare a social norm in the United States with one in -another country.

The young student chose to analyze the use of social networks in the United States and in Australia and sent the essay to her teacher by e-mail. When she received the grade, however, Ashley had a surprise: she had failed the exam because, according to the arguments offered by her teacher, "Australia is a continent; not a country".

"At first I said it was a joke. It can't be true. When I finished reading her answer I realized she was serious. With all her training, how could she not know such a thing? And if she's not sure, why doesn't she Google it?" Ashley told Buzzfeed.

According to her LinkedIn profile, the teacher who graded the young woman's essay from Idaho has a doctorate in philosophy.

As a result, the young woman chose to write a long answer to the teacher, in which she indicated several sources that showed that Australia is, indeed, a country. Things did not stop there, however, the teacher refusing to believe her: "Australia is a continent, not a country. This mistake makes it impossible to grade you. I'm going to look over your work to see if you deserved more points than I gave you", she replied.

Ashley Arnold was forced to send him a new message, in which she even included links from the official website of the Australian government. The teacher replied that she thanked her for the link and that she would "do some independent research to determine for herself" whether or not Australia is a country.

Later, the young woman's work was graded B+, but the teacher did not apologize for the error to her student.